there's nothing in the rulebook that
says you can't play drunk no actually
there is over those thirty rebounds
against San Diego yeah I don't remember
him reto stone sour yes
we play fundamental basketball we can
make a run at this not because we might
get your dick sucked after the game so
what's going on with [ __ ] again
because I vote we keep them [ __ ] yeah
all in favor for me man have you ever
been to an orgy I just got back from an
orgy I'm exhausted
with my wiener said to me Jackie I've
had enough of this orgy put me back in
your underwear
[Music]
come on Jackie walks talk of murder your
family
Jackie moon and Jackie Modi's ejected
from the game what did i sir sit that's
my seat one lucky fan will go home with
a game ball
best in the league he's not drunk
[Laughter]
[Music]
everybody okay
[Laughter]